{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We cannot put into words how much we appreciate everything you did for us on our special\
day. You held everything (including us) in place and made sure the day was perfect. We truly\
can't thank you enough. Couldn't have done it without you!\
Aisha & Kamil - 13/12/25\
The Ritz-Carlton, Ras Al Khaimah, Al Wadi Desert\
\'97----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
You truly were instrumental in our wedding happening. I was so calm and relaxed because\
of you. We had stress with the handover but with you by our side kicking butt we were so\
grateful. You knew when people were taking advantage and when to stand up for us. You\
listened to our crazy ideas and accommodated us. No one could\'92ve warned you how crazy\
things would\'92ve gotten (wasn\'92t even on my spreadsheet) but it honestly was the best\
celebration we could\'92ve asked for!! Thank you again for the best day ever!! \uc0\u9829 \
Alex & Tim - 29/12/25\
Park Hyatt Dubai\
\'97---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Wow, I still can't believe the wedding is over. Yesterday we sat together thinking what are\
we going to consume our brains with now that the wedding is over!!\
We had such a lovely day and I wanted to thank you for being there. Everyone legit needs a\
Sally at their wedding! \uc0\u55358 \u56589 \
M & M - 05/04/25\
Shangri-La Qaryat Al Beri, Abu Dhabi\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
We cannot thank you enough for everything you did over the past few months. You really\
did an incredible job at bringing everything to life and making our day absolutely incredible.\
We honestly cannot thank you enough from the bottom of our hearts!\
Rachel & Tom\
Park Hyatt Dubai - 03/04/25\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
My wedding was small, and intimate, and would not have been a success without the\
wedding coach team.\
\
From my first call with Charlotte, I knew I was in safe hands. I had no idea what I was doing,\
and when we met for our initial coffee and chat, she was incredibly supportive and\
knowledgeable. Charlotte helped me with every element, sourcing lights, seats, flowers etc.\
she put together a plan for the day, coordinated with all vendors, and went above and\
beyond with any questions I had.\
A few weeks before the wedding our hotel tried to make some last minute, but significant\
changes. Charlotte was on hand to guide me through this, and without her I think we would\
have been pressured to make changes we did want to, but the hotel advised.\
On the day, Sally was just amazing, so organized, kept everything running to plan, and was\
even great in supporting my step daughter in getting everyone to sign the guest book!\
The wedding coach team made my wedding the best day of my life, and not only that, they\
took part of all of the elements that could have been very stressful.\
I\'92ve even reached out to them to ask if they plan birthday parties as I need them to help me\
with that too!!\
Paul & Laura\
The St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort, Abu Dhabi - 30/11/24\
\
Thank you very much for making yesterday smooth and beautiful. You had everything\
under control. We hope you had a good rest!\
Marina & Ollie\
Melia Desert Palm \'96 22/11/24\
\
Hi Sally & Charlotte,\
Our coordinator Jazmin was really great, thank you so much for everything.\
Jasmin & Dajman\
The Beach Bar & Grill, One&Only Royal Mirage \'96 9/11/24}